A few suggestions with the contact update (#821)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Joining the community

The Turing Way is a community-oriented and -led project.
We therefore require that all our members and their contributions **adhere to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)**. Please familiarize yourself with the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that lists the expected behaviours and our reporting guidelines.

## Inclusivity

> This should be taken into account in contributions that the Turing Way aims to be inclusive to people from all walks of life and to all research fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The Turing Way_ aims to be inclusive to people from all walks of life and to all research fields.
These intentions are manifest in the contributions that we make to the project.
```

I felt like your original version was burying the lede of what the Turing Way is aiming to do. But my second sentence is pretty jargony....feel free to adjust.

> In addition to the Code of Conduct, we encourage intentional inclusive actions from contributors to the Turing Way. Here are a few examples of such actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the Code of Conduct, we encourage intentional inclusive actions from contributors to _The Turing Way_.
Here are a few examples of such actions:
```

## Joining the community

The Turing Way is a community-oriented and -led project.

> We therefore require that all our members and their contributions **adhere to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)**. Please familiarize yourself with the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that lists the expected behaviours and our reporting guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We therefore require that all our members and their contributions **adhere to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)**.
Please familiarize yourself with the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that lists the expected behaviours and our reporting guidelines.
```
My on brand pedantry as usual 🙄

## Inclusivity

_The Turing Way_ aims to be inclusive to people from all walks of life and to all research fields.

> These intentions are manifest in the contributions that we make to the project.

Author: ```suggestion
These intentions must be reflected in the contributions that we make to the project.
```

    Open a new issue!
    (See our [Where to start: issues](#where-to-start-issues) section below.)
- Subscribe to our [mailing list](https://tinyletter.com/TuringWay) with which we send monthly project updates.

> - Follow [@turingway on Twitter](https://twitter.com/turingway).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow [@turingway](https://twitter.com/turingway) on Twitter.
```

> - You can contact the Project Lead of the Turing Way project - Kirstie Whitaker - by email at kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can contact the Project Lead of _The Turing Way_ project - Kirstie Whitaker - by email at [kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk](mailto:kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk).
```

> - You can contact the Community Manager of the Turing Way project - Malvika Sharan - by email at masharan@turing.ac.uk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can contact the Community Manager of _The Turing Way_ project - Malvika Sharan - by email at [masharan@turing.ac.uk](mailto:masharan@turing.ac.uk).
```

> - You can also contact other members of the Turing Way through their preferred ways of communication [here](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/blob/master/ways_of_working.md).

Reviewer: What do you think about removing this? I feel like it is so out of date that it probably needs to be archived now...

Author: I think it really depends on the preference of other members who have strong ties with the project and still active contributors.

Reviewer: Lets leave it for now and maybe come back to it in the future :)
